---
title: About
---

::about
#title
Jairo Mora Enriquez

#description
Discover more about me

#intro
Web and Android Developer, passionate about cybersecurity.

After several years as an industrial maintenance shift supervisor, I decided to venture into the world of web development self-taught. My passion for technology led me to pursue a degree in Multiplatform Application Development, where I acquired skills in HTML, SQL, Kotlin, and Java as primary languages.

After obtaining the degree, I worked on projects that involved developing Web BackOffice to communicate and feed mobile applications using Firebase as the main platform. This experience drove me to deepen my knowledge in cybersecurity to ensure safer projects. Therefore, I decided to pursue a Specialization Course in Cybersecurity in Information Technology Environments.

By combining my web development training with my interest in cybersecurity, my goal of specializing in pentesting and Ethical Hacking was born.

In summary, I consider myself a very curious person, passionate about technology, always seeking new learning opportunities to improve my skills in this exciting technological world.

#experiences
  :::experiences
  ---
  experiences:
    - title: Desarrollador Web - Android
      company:
      date: 2022 - Presente
    - title: Desarrollador Web
      company: MC Click
      date: 2022
    - title: Desarrollador Web - Android
      company: Mantenimientos Tubalcaín
      date: 2021
  ---
  :::

#stack

#stack_title
Tools and Technologies

#stack_description
Some of the tools and technologies I handle.
::
